P3          P2          P1          P0          G3          G2          G1          G0          Cn          P           G           Cn_z        Cn_y        Cn_x         
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false
false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false
false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false true  false false false false false true 
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false true  false true  false false false false false false
false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false false false false false false
true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false true  false 
